## Danielle Carter (Administrator)

<img src='./DanielleCarterHeadshot.png' alt="DanielleCarterImage.png" 
width=250 height=250>

Danielle is a 45 year old Electoral Commission Administrator. She has been
working for the Commission for eleven years, and holds a lifelong career in
administration. She is helping with the political compass test because she
believes it will help voters understand which political parties support their
best interests. She will be using the administrative section of the political
compass test to gain insights into voters, and to make sure there are no issues
the results. She needs to be able to complete tasks efficiently and simply.

**Activities**: As part of her administration job, she handles emails and sorts
paperwork. She participates regularly in meetings, and is often writing reports
and filling out forms.

**Attitudes**: She is collected and persevering, often having to face large
amounts of work arriving at once. She is logical and organised in all she does
as these are necessary qualities for her work. She often experiences a
persistent exhaustion during busy periods.

**Aptitudes**: She is a good communicator and is familiar with products like
Microsoft Office, email software, and office machines.

**Weaknesses**: She can quickly become frustrated with unwieldy processes and
technology.

**Domain Knowledge**: She is used to handling analysing voter data, and stays
up to date with party policies and statements. She has also used several 
exisiting political compass tests.

**System Knowledge**: She is competent with software that handles data. 

**Interaction**: She wants to be able to access the data weekly to analyse the
results of participants, and to make sure there are no odd results.

**Priorities**: She wants to be able to complete her administration tasks with
ease and efficiency, making sure the computer is doing most of the work.

**Motivation**: Her biggest motivation for this project is to create a
successful application that meets the specification for her work. She is also
motivated for the same reason she took her job: to help participation in NZ's
election process.

**Computer Self-efficacy**: She is used to legacy software and has computer
skills that translate well between any office software.

**Risk Tolerance**: She has low risk tolerance at work as she knows she is
working with sensitive data and there is great potential harm from small
mistakes.

**Information Processing**: She can absorb new work-related information at a
good rate. It takes her longer, often with explanation from a friend or expert
when taking on information outside of her field of expertise.

**Tinkering**: She dislikes to try things beyond standard protocol, but is happy
to try novel tasks in interfaces similar to those she has used before. If she
is confused by a system's UI or jargon, she will ask for help.

<br><br>
